Update Box Connector with technical changes (#338)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/box/box-connector-examples.adoc

Try out the following examples using Studio or XML.

> == Anypoint Studio Example: Folders

Reviewer: So...it looks like I spent a ton of time editing the wrong thing.
Please take a look and apply those edits to the rest of this PR.
I have to move on to other editing requests.

----
+
. Drag the Create folder operation of the Box connector next to the DataWeave component to create a folder.
. Configure the Box connector by adding a new Box global element. Click the *+* next to the Connector configuration field.
. Configure the global element according to the following table.
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value |Comments
|clientId |`${config.clientId}` |The client identifier as assigned by the authorization server when the client application was registered.
|clientSecret |`${config.clientSecret}` |The client application's client secret.
|host |`api.box.com` |The default value. Leave as is.
|port |`443` |The default value. Don't change.
|basePath |`/2.0`|The default value. Don't change.
|protocol |`HTTPS` |The default value. Don't change.
|localCallbackPath |`/callback` |The default value. Don't change.
|localCallbackConfig |`HTTP_Listener_config` |Select the HTTP Listener configuration created earlier.
|externalCallbackUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/callback+`  |Use the redirect URL that is configured in the client application.

> |localAuthorizationUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/authorize+`  |This URL needs to be entered after deploying the mule application to initiate `OAUTH2` dance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|localAuthorizationUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/authorize+`  |Enter this URL after deploying the Mule application to initiate `OAUTH2` dance.
```

|authorizationUrl |`+https://account.box.com/api/oauth2/authorize+`  |The authorization URL to request for an authorization code.

> |accessTokenUrl |`+https://api.box.com/oauth2/token+`  |The access token URL to request for an access token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|accessTokenUrl |`+https://api.box.com/oauth2/token+`  |The access token URL to request an access token.
```

|Folder id|`#[payload.id]`
|===
+
. Drag a Logger component to log the retrieved folder information and configure the following properties:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value

> |Display Name|Specifies the logger to the retrieved folder info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Display Name|Specifies the logger that logs the retrieved folder information.
```

|Folder id|`#[payload.id]`
|===
+
. Drag the DataWeave component to set the payload to display the result of the flow to the user, and use the following script:
+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{

> 	result : "Folder was created, retrieved and deleted successfully."

Reviewer 2: This is output? I'm not sure we should be changing wording here if it's actual output. I guess we need to fix the source in this case.

}
----
+

> . Save and run the project as a Mule application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Save and run the project as a Mule app.
```

output application/json
---
{

> 	result : "Folder was created, retrieved and deleted successfully."

Reviewer: If this is verbatim text from the UI, then we should not correct it.

```suggestion
	result : "Folder was created, retrieved, and deleted successfully."
```

// image::box/box-oauth-2-dance.png[Box OAuth 2 Dance]
+

> . Click Grant access to Box to grant the read and write permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Grant access to Box*.
```

> . Open a web browser and access the URL `+http://localhost:8081/boxdemo+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open a web browser and access http://localhost:8081/boxdemo.
```

+

> You should get a `JSON` response with the following content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should get a JSON response with the following content:
```

+

> Result: `"Folder created, retrieved, and deleted successfully."`

Reviewer: ditto re. UI display verbatim

> == XML Example: Demonstrate Create Folder, Retrieve Folder, and Delete Folder operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== XML Example: Demonstrate Create Folder, Retrieve Folder, and Delete Folder Operations
```

. In the *HTTP Listener* screen configure the following parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value
|Name|HTTP_Listener_config
|Protocol| HTTP
|Host| localhost
|Port| 8081
|===
+
. Drag an HTTP Listener onto the canvas and configure the following parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name |HTTP Listener
|Connector configuration | Select the HTTP Listener Configuration that has been previously created.
|Path |`/boxUploadFile`
|===
+
. Login to Box and generate the Box developer token which is active for 60 minutes.

. Set this Developer Token using a DataWeave component.

. Drag the DataWeave component next to the HTTP Listener and configure as follows.
+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/java
		//Set the generated developer token here
var developerToken = "{developer Token}"
---
"Bearer " ++ developerToken
----
+
. Drag Set Variable onto the Canvas and configure the following parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name| Save developer token
|Name |developerToken
|Value | `#[payload]`
|===
+
. Configure the File connector by adding a new *File Global Element*.

> . Click the *Global Elements* tab at the base of the canvas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the *Global Elements* tab at the bottom of the canvas.
```

      		content : {
      			"name": message.attributes.fileName ,
	// Set the ID of the parent folder. Use "0" for the root folder.
      	 		"parent": {
      	 		  "id":"0"
				}
			}
	},
    file : {
      headers : {
        "Content-Disposition" : {
            "name": "file",
            "filename": message.attributes.fileName
        }
      },
      content : payload
    }
  }
}
----
+
. Configure the HTTP Request by adding a new HTTP Request global element.

. Click the *Global Elements* tab at the bottom of the canvas.

. In the *Global Configuration Elements* screen, click *Create*.

. In the *Choose Global Type* wizard expand Connector Configuration, select *HTTP Request Configuration* and click *OK*.

. In the HTTP Request Configuration screen configure the following parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Name| HTTP_Request_configuration
|Base path |/
|Protocol | HTTP(Default)
|Host |80
|Port |
|Use persistent connections| ✓
|Max Connections|-1
|Connection idle timeout|30000
|Response buffer size|1024
|TLS configuration| None
|Proxy|None
|Authentication|None
|Client socket properties|None
|Use reconnection| unchecked
|===
+

> . Drag an HTTP request onto canvas and configure the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Drag an HTTP request onto the canvas and configure the following parameters:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name| Request - Box Upload File
|Configuration| Select the HTTP request configuration that you created in global elements.
|Method|POST
|Path|
|URL|`https://upload.box.com/api/2.0/files/content`
|Body|payload
|===

. Create an Authorization header in the HTTP Request.

. Click the *Headers* tab next to the Body in the HTTP request and click *+* to configure the following parameter:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |Value
|"Authorization"|`vars.developerToken`
|===
+
. Drag the DataWeave component to set the payload to display the result of the flow to the user and configure as follows:
+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{
	result : "File has been successfully created"
}
----
+
. Save and run the project as a Mule application.

> . Enter the URL `http://localhost:8081/boxUploadFile` in the browser. You should get a JSON response with the following content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter the URL `http://localhost:8081/boxUploadFile` in the browser. You should get a JSON response with the following content:
```

+

> result : `"File has been successfully created"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`result : "File has been successfully created"`
```

</mule>
----

== Example: Upload a File

> This example demonstrates how to upload a file to Box.

Reviewer: This text adds no value to the title. Is there something more to say, maybe about when or why a user would upload a file to Box?

> . Create a new Mule Project in Anypoint Studio.

Reviewer: It might be labeled "Mule Project" in the UI, but what we are creating is "a Mule project." Does that distinction make sense?

> . Create a folder called `input` under `src/main/resources directory`.

Reviewer: under > in

> . Copy the file you want to upload to the `input directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the file you want to upload to the input directory.
```
or
```suggestion
. Copy the file you want to upload to `input directory`.
```

> . Copy the file you want to upload to the `input' directory`.

Reviewer 3: After the word input there is a quotation ' which shouldn't be there

> . Configure the HTTP Listener by adding a new *HTTP Global Element*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the HTTP Listener by adding a new HTTP global element.
```

> . Click the *Global Elements* tab at the base of the canvas.

Reviewer: base > bottom

> . From the Global Configuration Elements screen, click *Create*.

Reviewer: From > In

> . In the *Choose Global Type* wizard, expand the Connector Configuration, select HTTP Listener and click *Ok*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Choose Global Type* wizard, expand Connector Configuration, select *HTTP Listener*, and click *Ok*.
```
Ok and not OK?

Reviewer: ENDING HERE FOR NOW; will return to do more tomorrow if possible.
